now you had a particular role in
Afghanistan you said for example that
you were searching women I was searching
women right so and that that's a
specific role for women and you believe
that that's a useful role what now what
what do you think what do you think has
been the consequence in general of
introducing women into the Armed Forces
I mean there's there's obviously
continual sexual scandals in the armed
forces in Canada it's always been there
we just haven't reported it okay meaning
meaning it's always been there in what
way because there has been women in the
Army right just not in combat arms roles
in other countries for us there has so
those assaults have been going on for
the the individual for example I won't
say his name he's got a world to hurt
anyway uh who told me that I it would
have been easier if I died he's been
charged with seven sexual assaults but
he made it to
Major and he's not being arrested or put
in jail and he's getting to leave with a
pension
so what does that say to everyone else
below him do it just make sure they're
quiet about it and that's why keeps
happening we don't actually take
accountability for our actions we never
have because if we did it would stop
okay so I I read a an article in the
Canadian military Journal I don't
remember the name of the journal but it
was their Dei um uh issue right and
they're
what would you say recommendation for
decreasing the frequency of the sorts of
things that you're talking about was a
retooling of the entire culture of the
Canadian military well I don't exactly
understand what that means because the
culture is going to be a War culture
right and I presume that there are
downsides to that as well as
upsides I don't I don't know how to
understand the downsides in terms of the
relationship between men and women but
if if you have a lot of young men
together who are single and a lot of
young women together who are single then
there's obviously going to be uh sexual
interactions on a Non-Stop basis and I
have no idea how that can be like
reasonably regulated I suspect that the
Dei approach is not going to work very
effectively
no sleep is a foundation for our mental
and physical health in other words
you've got to have a consistent
nighttime routine to function at your
best but if you're struggling with sleep
then you've got to check out Beam Beam
is isn't your run-ofthe-mill sleep aid
it's a concoction carefully crafted to
help you rest without the grogginess
that often accompanies other sleep
remedies a bunch of us here at the daily
wire count on beam's dream powder to
knock us out and sleep better through
the night so we can show up ready for
work the next day just mix beam dream
into hot water or milk stir or froth and
then enjoy before bedtime then wake up
feeling refreshed without the next day
grogginess caused by other Sleep
Products dream contains a powerful
allnatural blend of RI magnesium
eleanine appenine and melatonin to help
you fall asleep stay asleep and wake up
refreshed and with it now being
available in delicious flavors like
cinnamon cocoa chocolate peanut butter
and mint chip better sleep has never
tasted better and today listeners of
this show can get a special discount on
beam's dream powder get up to 40% off
for a limited time when you go to shop
beam.com Peterson and use code Peterson
at checkout that's shop
for up to 40%
off yeah so Dei that's a trip Canada's
lost its mind uh
okay so I spoke to Buck Angel recently
and I was asking him his opinion on how
the Canadian military has just put
tampons in the bathrooms yeah yeah and
then and then made it uh what a
particularly punishable offense for the
young men to take the tampon dispensers
out of the bathrooms which is obviously
exactly what they should do they should
never have been in there in the first
place well yes that's for sure yeah so
bad leadership right you might say that
already we can go with bad leadership
that rolls downhill we have a saying in
the military uh rolls downhill and
so that's obvious so Dei is rolling
downhill and it's rolling down to a
already
crippling military our military complex
in Canada is shrinking astronomically
and not only that it's shrinking because
veterans aren't being looked after uh
people at gag 10 are having to rely on
food banks to eat because they're not
being paid enough uh no weapon systems
are coming in people are having to pay
for their own flights come back from
where did they go was it Lithuania they
were over there excuse me they were
playing War Games I.E they were just
trying to be a show of force or Putin
anyway
so and then we bring in Dei so here's
what's happened since I got out this was
a trip I got to go back in
2021 22 to New Brunswick to go shoot my
last round as a gunner I didn't know
this was a thing but when you're like
super old or something really bad
happens they bring you back to shoot
your last round you are you super old or
something bad going to be 35 this year
Jordan so we're going to go with
something bad happened and they really
messed up and they know it and there was
a book written about it they didn't like
it so so what happened was I went and I
shot my last round and it was this you
know all the big wigs came out and all
of this and it was amazing because there
was actually a female there that was a
colonel that I actually respected and so
it was a really big honor to get to
shoot with her and so I'm there but what
I saw was really troubling to
me dis shuffled beards
long
nails piercings
jewelry weird colored hair and beards we
had lost the standard we stopped doing
the standards of what it meant to be in
the service men have to be clean shaven
women have to have short nails you have
to have one earring you can only wear
wear wedding band like you don't do
these things their hair was a mess they
just looked a mess and I said what am I
looking at here so this is the new
standard so if you start to lower the
standards people who have Serv served
like my friend Dallas Alexander who got
slapped by the government for going on
Shawn
Ryan people like that leave right the
experienced people who you need to teach
these standards the best people leave oh
100% And so this is what's happening so
now you've got Dei so what happens with
Dei well Basics that we know men now are
in women's spaces vulnerable spaces men
now are allowed around women in
environments that they just shouldn't be
in service in General meaning we we
normally get our own shower time right
and where we get our if we have enough
women we get our own tent if you didn't
you just you you're with the guys and
you're used to it's fine and so what was
happening is people say that it's an
assault issue it's a control issue it's
a leadership who has been told time and
time and time again you can get away
with it it doesn't matter you're going
to get away with it if you're high
enough rank you got the right people
around you you're going to get away with
that so what does that say to women it
says well I don't really want to be in
the service so now you're losing women
or you're having women transition to men
so they're accepted in men's spaces and
they're accepted as a male so maybe they
won't get raped because you've got you
had a Navy ship just have to come back
recently uh in the United States because
there was like 30 assaults in 30 days
and women were just pimping themselves
out early so they didn't get raped they
said well I'll just do it now because
then that way I won't get assaulted so
it won't be like traumatic it'll be my
choice and so people are saying well why
are we why are we allowing women how
about you just stop raping people
guys where is the accountability on the
man where is the accountability on the
staff where is the accountability on the
leadership to go hey if I catch you
doing an assault this is what's
happening to your out you're gone your
your your job is over and you're going
to have a dishonorable discharge for
sexually assaulting someone then you're
going to get a criminal charge why
aren't we doing that well why do you
think because we already have no one and
also there's a lot of people that are
old old school that are still in that
are going to cover because oh what if a
guy's like one year away from his
pension Kelsey let's just let this one
slide you don't want his family to not
have any money right you don't want his
family to lose his pension you don't
want them to have that name in the
school do you like it is a it's a
hypocrisy there is the service is filled
with some of
the best people that we have to offer
and then it's filled also with some of
the worst we have to offer because it
attracts a type person ity there's bad
eggs and everything you know with the
police yeah there's some bad eggs but
they're not all bad and that's kind of
what's happening with the service Bad
Eggs not all bad removing funds what
happens shittier people so it's
happening in the police now it's
happening in the service and we already
have one of the smallest armies so we're
being bought and paid for by the CCP
left right and Center approvable by
cesis on paper and then now we have weak
borders no military no weapons running
out of artillery rounds and giving how
many billions of dollars somewhere else
why would you want to join the service
why what you can be patriotic and I
applaud that I have people come to me
all the time my daughter's going to join
can you talk to her so I'm not going to
talk anybody out of anything is their
path if they believe they need to go do
it they will go do it but at the same
time I'm sorry this is not the country I
fought for
[Music]